based callable (#619)
KotlinIsland/basedmypy: docs/source/based_features.rst

    b: str
    reveal_type(a if bool() else b)  # Revealed type is "int | str"

Based Callable
--------------

Basedmypy supports callable and function syntax types:

.. code-block:: python

    a: "(int) -> str" = lambda x: str(x)  # Callable
    b: "def (int) -> str" = lambda x: str(x)  # FunctionType

> In mypy, all ``Callable``\s are assumed to be functions (``FunctionType``), but this is not the case for instances that have a `__call__` method.

Author: ```suggestion
In mypy, all ``Callable``\s are assumed to be functions (``builtins.function``), but this is not the case for instances that have a `__call__` method.
```
